README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Varrahan Uthayan

I'm a **Computer Systems Engineering student** at Carleton University.

Feel free to explore my repositories to see the projects I’m passionate about and actively working on.  
I’m always open to connecting and collaborating, so don’t hesitate to reach out on social media!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/varrahan-uthayan-578941291/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-varrahan@gmail.com-D14836?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:varrahan@gmail.com)

---

# 🧩 About Me

I'm passionate about building all things distributed systems, from anomaly detection to cluster management  
My interests include:
- Developing distributed systems on physical servers and in the cloud
- Observing potential threats to existing services
- Playing Minecraft


# 💻 Tech Stack

### 👨‍💻 Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?style=flat-square&logo=gnubash&logoColor=white)

### ⚙️ Frameworks & Libraries
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?style=flat-square&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring-6DB33F?style=flat-square&logo=spring&logoColor=white)
![JUnit](https://img.shields.io/badge/JUnit-25A162?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat-square&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat-square&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=flat-square&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=flat-square&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat-square&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![GIN](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gin-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?style=flat-square&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind%20CSS-06B6D4?style=flat-square&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)

### 🗄️ Databases
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-003B57?style=flat-square&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=flat-square&logo=oracle&logoColor=white)

### ☁️ Tools & Platforms
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat-square&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=flat-square&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?style=flat-square&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white)
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white)
![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=flat-square&logo=cloudflare&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jira-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=jira&logoColor=white)
![Bitbucket](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bitbucket-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=bitbucket&logoColor=white)
[![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/Confluence-172B4D?style=flat-square&logo=atlassian-confluence&logoColor=white)](https://your-company.atlassian.net/wiki/)
[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/yourusername/yourrepo)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-black?logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?logo=vite&logoColor=white)

Commit message:

Revise interests section in README
Updated personal interests in README to include reading.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Varrahan Uthayan

I'm a **Computer Systems Engineering student** at Carleton University.

Feel free to explore my repositories to see the projects I’m passionate about and actively working on.  
I’m always open to connecting and collaborating, so don’t hesitate to reach out on social media!

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/varrahan-uthayan-578941291/)
[![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-varrahan@gmail.com-D14836?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:varrahan@gmail.com)

---

# 🧩 About Me

I'm passionate about building all things distributed systems, from anomaly detection to cluster management  
My interests include:
- Developing distributed systems on physical servers and in the cloud
- Observing potential threats to existing services
- Reading everything, from research papers to ingredient lists on the back of Gatorade bottles


# 💻 Tech Stack

### 👨‍💻 Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=flat-square&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?style=flat-square&logo=gnubash&logoColor=white)

### ⚙️ Frameworks & Libraries
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=flat-square&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?style=flat-square&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Spring](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring-6DB33F?style=flat-square&logo=spring&logoColor=white)
![JUnit](https://img.shields.io/badge/JUnit-25A162?style=flat-square&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat-square&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=flat-square&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=flat-square&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=flat-square&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=flat-square&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![GIN](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gin-00ADD8?style=flat-square&logo=go&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?style=flat-square&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind%20CSS-06B6D4?style=flat-square&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)

### 🗄️ Databases
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-003B57?style=flat-square&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white)
![Oracle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Oracle-F80000?style=flat-square&logo=oracle&logoColor=white)

### ☁️ Tools & Platforms
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat-square&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat-square&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=flat-square&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?style=flat-square&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white)
![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-4285F4?style=flat-square&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white)
![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=flat-square&logo=cloudflare&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat-square&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jira-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=jira&logoColor=white)
![Bitbucket](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bitbucket-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=bitbucket&logoColor=white)
[![Confluence](https://img.shields.io/badge/Confluence-172B4D?style=flat-square&logo=atlassian-confluence&logoColor=white)](https://your-company.atlassian.net/wiki/)
[![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/yourusername/yourrepo)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-black?logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?logo=vite&logoColor=white)
